{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1254\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1055{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset162 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset238 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs44 SPIRITUAL PROTECTION AND HEALING PROGRAM\par
\par
\b0 Dear brothers and sisters,\par
The following sample study is a humble package of suggestions that we have prepared based on our 50 years of experience and investigations, a prescription. At the same time, it is our advice to those who are looking for a study under the definitions of purification, mental detox, enlightenment, self-reflection and similar definitions. We have seen that this work has positive results by those who have tried it and has made great contributions to other spiritual studies to be done. We pray for God's help to all our friends who will apply it, and we wish it to be instrumental in good deeds. \par
Our study consists of 7 phases in 21-day periods. Each phase is meaningful in itself. Since the program is a suggestion, it would be more appropriate to implement as much as you can, on the other hand, if possible, not to exceed the given numbers.\par
\b\fs40\par
\fs48\par
\fs52 CHAPTER I\fs48\par
\fs40 VERSES AND RECITATIONS TO BE RECITED EVERY DAY\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1  \par
\b0\f1\bullet  Basmala  \par
\bullet  7 times Fatiha  \par
  {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.namazzamani.net/turkce/fatiha-suresi.htm }}{\fldrslt{https://www.namazzamani.net/turkce/fatiha-suresi.htm\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
\bullet  7 times Kafirun  \par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.namazzamani.net/turkce/kafirun-suresi.htm }}{\fldrslt{https://www.namazzamani.net/turkce/kafirun-suresi.htm\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
\bullet  7 times Ihlas  \par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.namazzamani.net/turkce/ihlas-suresi.htm }}{\fldrslt{https://www.namazzamani.net/turkce/ihlas-suresi.htm\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
\bullet  7 times Felak  \par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.namazzamani.net/turkce/felak-suresi.htm }}{\fldrslt{https://www.namazzamani.net/turkce/felak-suresi.htm\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
\bullet  7 times Nas\par
{\f2\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.namazzamani.net/turkce/nas-suresi.htm }}{\fldrslt{https://www.namazzamani.net/turkce/nas-suresi.htm\ul0\cf0}}}}\f2\fs22\lang1033\par
\f1\bullet  Ayetel K\f2\'fcrsi\par
 (Allah\'fc l\'e2 il\'e2he ill\'e2 h\'fcvel hayy\'fcl kayy\'fbm, L\'e2 te\rquote huz\'fch\'fb sinet\'fcn ve l\'e2 nevm. Leh\'fb m\'e2 fis-sem\'e2v\'e2ti vem\'e2 fil ard. Menzellez\'ee ye\f3\'bafeu indeh\f2\'fb ill\'e2 biiznihi, ya\rquote lem\'fc m\'e2 beyne eyd\'eehim, vem\'e2 halfeh\'fcm, vel\'e2 y\'fch\'eet\'fbne bi\f3\'baey\rquote in min ilmih\f2\'ee, ill\'e2 bim\'e2 \f3\'ba\f2\'e2e vesia k\'fcrsiyy\'fch\'fcssem\'e2v\'e2ti vel ard, Vel\'e2 ye\'fbd\'fch\'fc h\f3\u305?fzuhum\f2\'e2 ve h\'fcvel aliyy\'fcl az\'eem.)\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://namazzamani.net/turkce/ayetel-kursi.htm }}{\fldrslt{https://namazzamani.net/turkce/ayetel-kursi.htm\ul0\cf0}}}}\f2\fs22\par
\f1\bullet\f0\lang1055  \f2\lang1033 (Amener rasul\'fc bi ma \'fcnzile ileyhi mir rabbih\f3\u305? vel m\f2\'fc\rquote minun. K\'fcll\'fcn amene billahi ve melaiketih\f3\u305? ve k\f2\'fct\'fcbih\f3\u305? ve rus\f2\'fclih. La n\'fcferriku beyne ehadim mir rus\'fclih ve kalu sem\f3\u305?\rquote na ve eta\rquote na \u287?ufraneke rabbena ve ileykel mas\u305?yr. La y\f2\'fckellif\'fcllah\'fc nefsen illa v\'fcs\rquote aha. Leha ma kesebet ve aleyha mektesebet. Rabbena la t\'fcah\f3\u305?zna in nes\u305?na ev ahta\rquote na rabbena ve la tahmil aleyna \u305?sran kema hameltehu alellez\u305?ne min kablina. Rabbena ve la t\f2\'fchammilna ma la takate lena bih. Va\rquote f\'fc anna, va\f3\u287?fir lena, verhamna ente mevlane fensurna alel kavmil kafir\u305?n.)\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.namazzamani.net/turkce/amenerrasulu.htm }}{\fldrslt{https://www.namazzamani.net/turkce/amenerrasulu.htm\ul0\cf0}}}}\f3\fs22\par
 \f1\bullet\f3 (Huvallahulleziy la ilahe illa huve \lquote alimul\u287?aybi ve\'ba\'baehadeti huverrahmanurrah\u305?ymu. Huvallahulleziy la ilahe illa huve elmelikulkuddususselamul mu\rquote minul muheyminul \lquote aziyzul cebbarul mutekebbiru subhanallahi \lquote amma yu\'barikune. Huvallahul halikul - bariy-ulmusavviru lehum\rquote esma ulhusna yusebbihu lehu ma fiyssemavati vel\rquote ard\u305?. Ve huvel\rquote aziyzulhakiymu.)\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.namazzamani.net/turkce/huvallahullezi-okunusu-anlami-ve-fazileti.htm }}{\fldrslt{https://www.namazzamani.net/turkce/huvallahullezi-okunusu-anlami-ve-fazileti.htm\ul0\cf0}}}}\f3\fs22\par
 \f1\bullet  7 \f0\lang1055 times (\f1\lang1033 L\f2\'e2 il\'e2he illallahu vahdehu l\'e2 \f3\'baer\f2\'eeke leh, lehu\rquote l mulku ve lehu\rquote l-hamdu ve huve al\'e2 k\'fclli \f3\'baey\rquote in Kad\f2\'eer\f0\lang1055 )\f2\lang1033\par
  \f1\bullet  7 \f0\lang1055 times (H\f1\lang1033 asbunallahu ve nimel vekil\f0\lang1055 )\f1\lang1033\par
 \bullet  7 \f0\lang1055 times (\f1\lang1033 Hasbiyallah\f2\'fc la ilahe illa hu aleyhi tevekkelt\'fc ve h\'fcve Rabb\'fcl ar\f3\'bail azim\f0\lang1055 )\f3\lang1033\par
 \f1\bullet  7 \f0\lang1055 times (\f1\lang1033 RABB\f3\u304? \u304?NN\u304?Y MESSEN\u304?YE\'aa \'aaEYTANU B\u304? NUSB\u304?N VE AZ\f2\'c2B; RABB\f3\u304? E\f2\'dbZ\'dc B\f3\u304?KE M\u304?N HEMEZ\f2\'c2T\f3\u304?\'aa \'aaEY\f2\'c2TIYN VE E\'dbZ\'dc B\f3\u304?KE RABB\u304? EN YAHDUR\f2\'dbN. VE HIFZAN M\f3\u304?N K\f2\'dcLL\f3\u304? \'aaEYTAN\u304?N M\f2\'c2R\f3\u304?D.\f0\lang1055 )\par
\f3\lang1033  (38.S\f2\'e2d: 41 \f1\endash  23.Mu\rquote min\f2\'fbn: 97-98 \f1\endash  37.S\f2\'e2ff\'e2t: 7)\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs52 CHAPTER II\b0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs40 1. PHASE HEALING AND PROTECTION STUDIES (21 days) \b0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f1\fs22\bullet  Be sure to start every job with BASMALA. \par
\bullet  Recite the verses and remembrances mentioned in the first chapter every day. \par
\bullet  Charity (Monetary Exit): Every day, give alms to those who serve you in the form of tips as much as you can, without saying more or less. \par
\bullet  Reading to Water (Before drinking water, hold it in the palms for a while, recite the basmala and breathe your own breath by blowing.) \par
\bullet BREATHWORK: \par
It is very useful to do 3 rounds of the following work every morning when you wake up. \par
Breathe deeply through your nose and exhale through your mouth 30 times. (For this exercise, it's actually better to take it in and give it out orally, so do the work with your mouth if you can. Dizziness, tingling, and the desire to stop working are normal.) If the mouth is to be used, the breath should not be taken slowly, on the contrary, it should be intense, deep and faster than normal breathing.) Breathe out the 30th breath through your mouth and exhale. Then take 1 deep breath through your nose or preferably through your mouth and hold for 20 seconds. Release the breath. \par
After releasing the breath, breathe in 30 times through the nose or preferably through the mouth and then switch to exhaling through the mouth. That is, repeat items 1 to 3. Do this 3 rounds in total.\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs40 2. PHASE HEALING AND PROTECTION STUDY (21 days) \b0\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\bullet  Be sure to start every job with BASMALA. \par
\bullet  Recite the verses and remembrances mentioned in the first chapter every day. \par
\bullet  Charity (Monetary Exit): Every day, give alms to those who serve you in the form of tips as much as you can, without saying more or less. \par
\bullet  Reading to Water (Hold the glass of water to be drunk between 2 hands and recite 7 Ayat al-Kursi and blow it.)\par
\bullet BREATHWORK: \par
It is very useful to do 3 rounds of the following work every morning when you wake up. \par
Breathe deeply through your nose and exhale through your mouth 30 times. (For this exercise, it's actually better to take it in and give it out orally, so do the work with your mouth if you can. Dizziness, tingling, and the desire to stop working are normal.) If the mouth is to be used, the breath should not be taken slowly, on the contrary, it should be intense, deep and faster than normal breathing.) Breathe out the 30th breath through your mouth and exhale. Then take 1 deep breath through your nose or preferably through your mouth and hold for 20 seconds. Release the breath. \par
After releasing the breath, breathe in 30 times through the nose or preferably through the mouth and then switch to exhaling through the mouth. That is, repeat items 1 to 3. Do this 3 rounds in total.\par
\bullet  Short Walks (If there are no serious health problems.)\par
\bullet  Stroke to Points (Triple Strike Practice):\par
There are some important points in our body that regulate the flow of energy. Applying finger strokes to these points lined up on the energy lines of our body directly affects the energy field and flow. In the triple stroke, 3 points are used. These; K-27 points are the thymus gland point and the spleen points. K-27 points; On the line where the neck meets the bone of the chest, just below the collarbones, are two points on the right and left. You should hit these points with your fingertips 20 times, but not so that it hurts. It can also be done simultaneously with the hands crossed. It can be done every morning or every time low energy is felt. The thymus points are located on the rib cage, at the middle point of the area between the neck and the breasts. At this point, you should make a fist with your hand and hit it with your knuckles 20 times, but in a way that does not hurt. The thymus gland is the control gland of our immune system. In order for our defense system to work correctly, the healthy functioning of the thymus gland is essential.\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TkhDVctqLhg }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TkhDVctqLhg\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
\bullet Communication Clearance (Environmental Cleaning):\par
\bullet  Cleaning social networks: (Identify and clean up people from your friends on the internet who are not suitable for you (people who are not honest or make you feel uncomfortable on moral issues, etc.), you can also apply this to the numbers on your phone.) \par
\bullet  Mental Detox and Purification: (As soon as you notice thoughts, feelings, images, memories, desires, pains, etc. that lead you to negative during the day, first say "Stop" 3 times and then say "My brain is stuck in the routine it is used to and is sending the wrong messages to my body, and now I choose to restructure my brain" and then come to this moment with a smile. Example: Focus on your breath for a few minutes, pay attention to your body or count the objects and colors around, find something to be thankful for and focus on it, etc.)\par
\bullet  Try to be with people who increase your energy and make you happy. \par
\bullet  Prefer your home to be as far away from places with intense magnetic attraction fields as possible. In particular, protect yourself from magnetic contamination inside the house. (Such as not having electromagnetic devices in the bedroom, unplugging unused electrical appliances.)\par
\bullet  In order to get rid of the accumulated static electricity charges in the body, frequently bring your bare feet into contact with the soil, in short, ground your body at every opportunity. \par
\bullet  Since there is a direct negative energy bond with everyone you cannot forgive, free yourself from these negative bonds by forgiving. \par
\bullet  There may be low energy in your environment. You can also feel it directly. Identify unused and unevaluated objects in the environment, use them, and if you do not use them, give them to someone who can use them. In short, don't keep what you don't use.\par
\bullet  Get rid of cracked, broken, damaged, useless material.\par
\bullet  If there is a more suitable place to replace everything that is untouched, arrange, sort, categorize. \par
\bullet  Keep plenty of oxygen, notice that you are breathing. \par
\bullet  Use good scents, incense, pleasant music, a song that makes you happy, maybe a hymn. Listen to whatever you like, but let it be melodies that give you hope. Personally, I recommend a minimum of 1 hour of music concerts every day. \par
\bullet  If you are experiencing low resistance, try to take care of jobs that make you happy, even for a short time. You won't believe how fast your energy rises. \par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs40 3. PHASE HEALING AND PROTECTION STUDY (21 days) \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\fs22\bullet  Be sure to start every job with BASMALA. \par
\bullet  Recite the verses and remembrances mentioned in the first chapter every day. \par
\bullet  Charity (Monetary Exit): Every day, give alms to those who serve you in the form of tips as much as you can, without saying more or less. \par
\bullet  Reading to Water (Hold the glass of water to be drunk between 2 hands and read and blow 7 Ayatollah Pulpits.)\par
 \bullet  Salavat-\f3\u305? Fatih (It can be read 7, 21, 33 times a day or as many times as needed.)\par
 Allahumma salli ala sayyidina Muhammadinil fatihi lim\f2\'e2 uglika wal hatimi li m\'e2 sebeka nasril hakki bil hakki wal hadi ila sir\'e2tikel mustak\f3\u305?ymi ve ala \f2\'e2lihi hakka qadrihi wa mikd\'e2rihil aziym.\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_xqYdPnXjbU }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_xqYdPnXjbU\ul0\cf0}}}}\f2\fs22\par
\f1\bullet Ear Riyazeti (Stay away from gossip places.)\par
 Cleaning and Balancing Energy Points: You can get help from the links below.\par
 \bullet  1 time per week\par
 \bullet  Every day if there is a financial and moral health problem.\par
 \bullet  In case of intense ailments, morning and evening\par
 {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOl6ljpS5cA }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOl6ljpS5cA\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22  (For balancing the body energy points)\par
 {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=43SRaCB2Mnc }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=43SRaCB2Mnc\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22  (For cleansing the body energy points)\par
\bullet  Boy Ablution (The process of pouring some salt water on the neck, shoulders, and washing process. Before the normal-sized ablution, add a little (a few spoons of salt) to a small bowl and turn it into salted water. You can make a short wash of this water on the head, neck and shoulders of the body with a bayonet or similar object. Then the ablution can be continued.)\par
\bullet  Hitting K Points (Can be done on a daily basis, not on a daily basis) Explained in the previous stage.\par
\bullet Communication Etiquette (Environmental Cleaning) \par
Cleaning up social networks. Identify and clean up people from your friends on the internet who are not suitable for you (people who are not honest or make you feel uncomfortable on moral issues, etc.), you can also apply this to the numbers on your phone. \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs40\par
4. PHASE HEALING AND PROTECTION STUDY (21 days) \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\fs22\bullet  Be sure to start every job with BASMALA. \par
\bullet  Recite the verses and remembrances mentioned in the first chapter every day. \par
\bullet  Charity (Monetary Exit): Every day, give alms to those who serve you in the form of tips as much as you can, without saying more or less. \par
\bullet  Reading to Water (Hold the glass of water to be drunk between 2 hands and read and blow 7 Ayatollah Pulpits.)\par
 \bullet  Salavat-\f3\u305? Fatih (It can be read 7, 21, 33 times a day or as many times as needed.) Allahumma salli ala sayyidina Muhammadinil fatihi lim\f2\'e2 uglika wal hatimi li m\'e2 sebeka nasril hakki bil hakki wal hadi ila sir\'e2tikel mustak\f3\u305?ymi ve ala \f2\'e2lihi hakka qadrihi wa mikd\'e2rihil aziym.\par
 \f1\bullet Ear Riyazeti (Stay away from gossip places.)\par
 \bullet High Frequency: (41 Fatiha/101 Ihlas after prayers, and after 5 times of call to prayer if prayer is not performed, "Dhikr practices change the molecular structure of matter.")\par
 \bullet Eye Riyazeti (Staying away from sensational and indignant programs in unnecessary TV programs)\par
 \bullet  Use of Metal (If possible, it is recommended to use wooden spoons and forks while eating.)\par
 \bullet  Understanding and Learning Reflexology (Information on this subject can be obtained from the Internet. By learning the energy points under the feet, you can heal your relatives in need. Or you can put non-cutting stones that you will find from nature in a suitable material and step on it. In short, you can examine and apply studies that stimulate the bottom of the foot. Here, it is important to reveal both your healing and healing sides. Let's not forget that we are all healers.) You can get detailed information on the Internet.\par
\bullet Cleaning of energy points and balancing/hitting K points (If there is no discomfort at this stage, it does not need to be done. That is, in case of need and optional.)\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs40\par
5. PHASE HEALING AND PROTECTION STUDY (21 days) \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\fs22\bullet  Be sure to start every job with BASMALA. \par
\bullet  Recite the verses and remembrances mentioned in the first chapter every day in the morning and evening. \par
 \bullet  Read Salavat-\f3\u305? Fatih (33 pieces per day).\par
 \f1\bullet Ear Riyazeti (staying away from gossip places)\par
 \bullet  Recite 41 Fatiha/101 Ihlas 5 times a day.\par
 \bullet  Stomach Riyazeti (Vegetable and fruit-based diet - No onion and garlic)\par
 \bullet  Striving for continuous ablution (except for special cases for women).\par
 \bullet  If prayer is not performed, performing normal ablution in all 5 adhans.\par
 \bullet  Those who pray should always try to perform ablution.\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs40  6. PHASE HEALING AND PROTECTION STUDY (21 days) \b0\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\bullet  Be sure to start every job with BASMALA. \par
\bullet  Read the verses and remembrances mentioned in the first chapter every day in the morning and in the evening. \par
\bullet The Prophet (S.A.W.) (you can read a lot of the salavats that you feel comfortable with, the amount does not matter. As long as you always feel connected with our Lord)\par
\bullet  Language Improvement (Avoiding unnecessary talk...)\par
\bullet  Recite 41 Fatiha/101 Ihlas 5 times a day.\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs40 7. PHASE HEALING AND PROTECTION STUDY (21 days) \b0\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\bullet Start every job with BASMALA. \par
\bullet The Prophet (S.A.W.) (You can read a lot of salavats that you feel comfortable with, the amount does not matter. As long as you always feel connected to the Prophet (peace be upon him)\par
\bullet  Language and Eye Criticism (Avoiding unnecessary speech and visuals)\par
\bullet  Constant State of Remembrance (Continuing life with the awareness that our Lord sees us in every moment and situation) \par
\bullet  You can apply the studies that are close to you from the studies proposed in the previous phases. However, this is not a necessity. \par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs40\par
\fs52 CHAPTER III\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\fs22\par
\b HEALING AND PROTECTION MAP\b0\par
This map has been prepared to give you a general perspective and to realize the unity of Soul-Mind and Body. You can review them and note the ones that are suitable for you.\par
\par
\b 1) SOUL\b0\par
 To start every job with BASMALA. \par
Daily prayers and recitations in the first part(2)\par
Reading to the Water (7 verses pulpit recitation and blowing)\par
High Frequency: (41 Fatiha/101 Ihlas after prayers) \par
Dhikr (Personalized Esmas)\par
\par
\b 2) MIND\b0\par
Communication Process (ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANING) (Cleaning of social networks) (4)\par
Mental Detox & Purification (5)\par
Meditation (6)\par
Coming to the Moment (7)\par
Charity (Monetary Exit) \par
Ear Riyazet (432 mhz music and vibration listening, staying away from gossip places)\par
Eye Riyazeti \par
Language Speech (Avoiding unnecessary speech...)\par
 Prophet Companion\par
 Tayyi Space And Time (Consciously) ACTIVE IMAGERY WORK IN HEALING\par
\par
\b  3) \f0\lang1055 BODY\f1\lang1033\par
\b0  Breathwork (1)\par
 Hitting K Points (3)\par
 Protection Through the Third Chakra (8)\par
 Short Walks \par
Cleansing and Balancing of Energy Points (chakra balancing and clearing)\par
 Boy Ablution (Pouring some salt water on the head, neck and shoulders.)\par
 Reiki\par
 Restriction on Metal Use (Using Natural Products)\par
 Reflexology\par
 Stomach Riyazeti (Vegetable and fruit-based diet - No onion garlic)\par
 Fasting (Monday/Thursday Fasts for those who are in good health, etc. - Hunger; opens energy channels and perceptions.)\par
 Ablution\par
\par
1) BREATHING EXERCISE: Described in Chapter I.\par
2) 7 VERSES AND PRAYERS FOR PROTECTION: Described in Chapter I.\par
3) There are some important points in our body that regulate the flow of energy. It is described in Chapter I.\par
4) Identify and clean up people from your friends on the internet who are not suitable for you (people who are not honest or make you feel uncomfortable on moral issues, etc.), you can also apply this to the numbers on your phone. \par
5) BRAIN EXERCISES  \par
MAGNIFY the sensation of anything that creates pleasure or happiness during the day and allow your cells, nervous system, and body to ABSORB that feeling. Really feel like your cells are absorbing these good sensations... For example, you saw the sunset and a good feeling came to you, don't let that feeling go away, or you felt happy while chatting with a friend, or it was delicious while you were eating. Feel that sensation by increasing it mindfully and circulate it through all your cells, practicing it for at least 30 seconds.  During the day or before going to bed, bring your attention between your chest and start using an expression of gratitude or thanks.  For example: Thank you, thank you, thank you.  It's not a mechanical repetition, say it by feeling... In the meantime, the issues you are thankful for may pass through your mind, let them pass, stay in the feeling of gratitude, increase that feeling, almost process that feeling into your cells...  When you notice thoughts, feelings, images, memories, desires, pains, etc., that lead you to negative during the day, first say Stop 3 times and then say "My brain is stuck in the routine it is used to and it is sending the wrong messages to my body, and now I choose to restructure my brain" and come to this moment with a smile. Ex: Focus your attention on your soul for a few minutes, or pay attention to your body, or count the objects around, the colors, find something to be thankful for and focus on it, etc. \par
6) MEDITATION TO BE DONE BY TAKING SPECIAL TIME\par
Sit in a quiet, calm place. Let there be no sound of music. If there is noise coming from outside, you can use earplugs or cotton. If the moon bothers you, you can use an eye patch or a sleep mask. Do not meditate lying down, as you are more likely to fall asleep. I don't want you to sleep. Sit in a comfortable position, with your body loose and relaxed. There is no obligation to stand upright or sit cross-legged. If being loose makes you sleepy, stay up straight. If closing your eyes makes you sleepy, make your eyes open.  Smile, a smile is a sign of the compassion you show yourself. The feeling of compassion is important in this work. Keep the smile throughout the whole study. Every time you lose, remember it and smile again. Be compassionate.  Focus on your breath while having a compassionate smile. Whatever fez you take, a small stopping state occurs just before you give it, pay attention to that stopping state...\par
Exhale and pay attention to the fact that there is another pause before you breathe again. In other words, you pay attention to the 4 stages of breathing with a smile.  Inhale, stop, exhale, stop... These states of stopping are something that happens spontaneously, you don't need to control it. Breathe in and out normally, do not try to take deeply or control the breath. Breathe in and out through the nose. Do not use your mouth. Do not be in a tense state of focus while paying attention with compassionate feelings in a way that makes you smile at the nave. Pay attention comfortably. Every time you get distracted, return to the compassionate smile and breath. When you are distracted, do not judge yourself, maintain compassion.  Do it for 12 minutes straight EVERY DAY without any excuses, it is free to do more. Spend 12 minutes at a time, do not divide it into parts during the day. .  Do not move in any way for 12 minutes. Even if there are conditions such as itching and pain, do not move.  Do not expect, do not expect results. Just apply it in an orderly and disciplined manner exactly as written. It was very nice today, but don't get into the mindset that my mind was very noisy today. Just apply. \par
7) COMING TO THE MOMENT\par
 While walking, eating, washing your hands, talking, listening, writing, doing business, etc. In everyday situations, focus your attention on exactly what you're doing. For example, if you are washing your hands, pay attention to the touch of the water on your hand, the temperature of the water, the slippery of the soap, the smell, the contours on your face if you are looking in the mirror at that time, etc. Be right there. Stay in the moment.  Come to this moment often as you remember it during the day. At first, you can set reminders on your desk, wall or alarm on your mobile phone to make it easier to remember. \par
8) PROTECTION THROUGH THE THIRD CHAKRA\par
 There is a very easy method that you can do as soon as you encounter any negative situation. The wire thing you are going to do is to close the 3rd chakra. This chakra area is the point 4 fingers above your belly button. This area, which we call the stomach chakra, is the area where we receive all the energies and digest. It can also be done in the same way that those who deal with Sufism do it with both hands. The main thing is that this area is protected by you. You will not be affected by those who make unfair accusations against you and use negative expressions against you. And you can laugh it off. Above all, you don't lose your role as a count. It is a beautiful and effective method of protection. \par
\par
\b  Products That Cause Energy Blockage\b0\par
 \bullet  Amalgam dental fillings are prohibited (mercury gray filling)\par
 \bullet  Toothpaste is prohibited (The sodium fluoride it contains is a rat poison. Use natural miswak toothpaste or miswak).\par
 \bullet  Teflon non-stick pans prohibited\par
 \bullet  Use only butter and olive oil for meals.\par
 \bullet  Refined salt is forbidden, use natural rock salt.\par
 \bullet  White flour is prohibited (use natural flour).\par
 \bullet  Canned milk is prohibited\par
 \bullet  Ready-made yogurt is prohibited\par
 \bullet  Do not use unnatural soap, dishwashing and laundry detergents.\par
 \bullet  Instant soups and bouillons\par
 \bullet  Processed meat products (sausages, salami, etc.)\par
 \bullet  Unnatural chewing gums\par
\bullet  Anything that contains soy\par
 \bullet  Fast-food foods\par
 \bullet  Chips, some crackers and baby biscuits\par
 \bullet  Acidic drinks (Use natural lemonade, cherry juice, buttermilk, black mulberry syrup, squeezed fruit juice that you make yourself.)\par
 \bullet  Desserts made with corn syrup\par
 \bullet  Ready-made ice creams\par
\par
For your questions and suggestions: yalknt@gmail.com \par
\par
\f2\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\f0\lang1055\par
\b\f1\fs48\par
\f0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\f2\fs22\lang31\par
}
 